CHAPTER ONE
Recover

“It had been one day since the fatal attack on the Jimbos, only three dozen Jimbo soldiers had survived out of the one-hundred-thousand Jimbo soldiers stationed at the capitol, and with all the civilians deaththere were close to 500,000 Jimbosdead, but not even hours after humans took the capital, they had raided every other Jimbo base, and city, now the death count was close to Five million,” I read from the thing the human called the Newspaper said
Tears glistened in my eyes. “THOSE ARE MY PEOPLE! WHY CAN’T I HELP THEM!” I exclaimed,
“Prince Henry, if you die, there's no hope left.” Said Dylan, my dad’s most trusted knight
“Fine, how many soldiers And civilians are there with us in the caves?” I asked
“Three dozen soldiers, only two dozen with armor, and three dozen civilians, possibly one dozen farmers willing to become soldiers.”
I knew this was terrible, but I still said, “that’s decent,” because I knew we could have nothing.  “Prince, we have scouts saying that human soldiers are coming!” shouted a man with dirty clothes, 
“I wonder who gave them the information that  we were here!” Said Dylan.
“READY THE MEN TO ESCAPE!” I said to Dylan.
“Sir, yes sir!” with that, he ran off
In a matter of minutes, a dozen Jakos are wearing full armor, well not full since they don’t have legs , torsos Or arms. But it was still something
like “JAKOES CHARGE! EVERYONE ELSE RUN!” I Shouted
Instantly people were fleeing,
“Sir, what should I do?” the man with the dirty clothes said as the walls gave a considerable tremor and collapsed in a boom and sound, and in seconds arrows were flying from the humans, whoosh! The man with the dirty clothes gasped for air but blood spurted out of his mouth, and he collapsed as an arrow stuck in his chest, blood gushing out,  shouts came from the tunnels to escape the caves “AHH!”, “No!”, “RUN!”, “FIGH-” then it was quiet
“Prince, we must get you out safely!” Shouted Dylan, 
A huge rock comes off the roof only a matter of inches away from us, and sunlight pours in “OUT THROUGH THAT KING” Dylan says but I am already leaping out of it
The rocks scrape my side, but my time in the gym helps, and I am out. I finally see the damage, thousands of human soldiers are below at the caves, catapults, Dylan comes up behind me “RUN!” I do as told, and sprint and slide across the top for hours. The rocks slid against the smoothened line of skin on my bottom
